(Child actors were accompanied
by a guardian...)
(and filmed in a safe,
supervised environment.)
I will now have to...
(Episode 12)
- let it become a part of...
- Hold on!
(Happy 40th Anniversary!)
What's going on?
Hey, what do you think you're doing?
I was giving an important speech.
Well, the thing is...
Congratulations.
- I said congratulations to him.
- What?
Congratulations to you
Happy 40th anniversary to you
(Happy 40th Anniversary!)
The 40th anniversary of
Gong Myeong Jeong Dae Han Clinic
- All together now.
- Hey.
Congratulations
- A round of applause!
- What's gotten into you?
Congratulations!
Go, Dae Han! Go, Korea!
Congratulations, Jeong Han.
And congratulations to you, sir.
Hi, Jin Ah.
Our very own Director Gong.
Hey, what do you think you're doing?
This is fantastic!
Congratulations, I mean it.
Are you going to let go or not?
I'm serious.
Well then, enjoy yourselves!
Please eat and drink your fill.
- I'm not letting go. Come here.
- Hey, let go of me!
(Happy 40th Anniversary!)
You've got to be kidding me.
What's with you? Let go.
What kind of stunt is this?
This is urgent.
Jeong Han, about your move...
- I'm moving. I already told you.
- Don't.
You don't want me to move out?
- What's this weird plan? Seriously.
- Look, the thing is...
I got a call.
Right. You're getting a call, too.
Who could this be?
Hello?
I'm sorry? "Human Theater?"
Just say yes.
- Yes, so you want to film us?
- You can do it. Just say yes.
I see.
- I really have no interest in...
- Yes, we're interested. We are.
- Hey.
- After consulting Director Yang,
- Seriously.
- we'll call you back.
- This is ridiculous.
- Sure. Thank you. Bye now.
You do whatever you want, don't you?
Unbelievable.
Hey, it's for a whole month!
It will be broadcast nationwide
for an entire month!
You know how high the ratings are
for a show like that, don't you?
So what?
What do you mean?
We have to do the show!
Knock yourself out.
- Unbelievable.
- Hey, listen.
We have been friends
for almost 50 years.
We're the icons of Onjeong Market,
facing each other for 40 years,
and we're President and VP
of the Merchants Association.
Give me a break, 50 years
of friendship, my foot!
We fight every time we meet.
Besides, if we do that show,
everyone will know we're enemies.
- Get a grip.
- I’ve come to my senses.
And no one will know.
Come on, Jeong Han.
This is my one big wish.
Come on, an opportunity like this
is once in a lifetime.
You want to be famous, make it big.
You want to get popular...
so you can run for city council
and win.
But listen,
that's your problem, not mine.
Am I wrong?
What are you doing, Jeong Han?
- Just go already.
- Let's just do it.
Go on, get out of here.
The ratings could hit 30 percent!
- Go away.
- Oh, dear.
- What's gotten into him?
- He's just spouting nonsense.
I was going to tell him I'm moving,
but I missed my chance.
Tell him when you introduce
Dr. Jo Taek Hwan...
when he stops by to say hi.
You think?
Okay, I guess I'll have to.
- Hey, let's get back to the clinic.
- Right.
Yes, honey.
I just popped out to see Hyun Bin.
I only meant to drop off some side dishes,
but he took the morning off.
So we came out
for some tea together.
Okay, let's talk about it at home.
The side dishes were just an excuse,
weren't they?
I came to say sorry for pushing you
into that blind date...
and also to properly ask you
for a favor.
When I heard Councilor Hwang's daughter
went to your office,
you have no idea how shocked I was.
You were more shocked
that I like someone, weren’t you?
Not really.
Didn't you just make that up
to turn her down?
You're right.
But...
what if I really did have
someone I liked,
or was dating? What would you do?
I'd insist that you introduce me
to her right away.
I'd have to be the first to meet her
and see what she's like.
I figured you'd say that.
So,
for you to go that far
to get out of it,
was Councilor Hwang's daughter
really that bad?
I heard she really liked you.
You should've met her one more time.
Meeting her again...
isn't going to help my father.
But, Hyun Bin.
This arrangement...
wasn't just for your father's sake.
If you found someone special,
I thought you might not leave Korea
in a year.
I want you to stop drifting,
meet someone good,
and finally put down
some roots here.
Gong Ju Ah, hurry up.
The presentation is all set up.
Where's Director Yang? Didn't he say
he'd watch us rehearse?
An external meeting?
He hasn't even come in to work yet.
Oh my goodness.
Wait, what about yesterday?
Did he return after the blind date?
- No.
- No way.
- So he was out all night?
- What are you even thinking?
I can't believe him.
He said he liked you so much,
but things get a little difficult,
and he just jumps to another woman?
That's enough.
Wait a second.
Could this be one
of those "make you jealous" ploys?
Come on, do you really think
he's that childish? Seriously.
You're unbelievable.
That was Kim So Hye. She said...
Director Yang went straight
to the briefing room.
Let's go.
We'll return to the brand's essence
and revive its original mood.
We'll also expand
to the sensibilities...
and direction this era demands.
Next is our design concept.
Our FG premium line is prestigious,
while embodying a sense
of freedom...
- and sophistication...
- Hold on a second.
I think the opening
is a little flat.
What exactly do you mean by "flat?"
It's not memorable.
I think we need
more impactful storytelling.
This final version incorporates
all of your feedback.
I know, but I didn't feel that way
when I read the script.
But the opening isn't grabbing me,
so it's hard to focus
on the rest of the concept.
Vice President,
what are your thoughts?
I thought it was fine.
The designs are great.
Director Yang, isn't it unreasonable
to change it now?
If I were on the judging panel,
I'd reject this proposal.
Let's change the entire structure.
You said it was good before,
but now you want to change it?
It's natural to change something
you're not satisfied with.
I see. So you just replace things
you're not happy with?
Why waste time on something
that has no future?
Those two seem to be getting
a little emotional.
The Vice President will handle it.
This isn't about the presentation,
is it?
Of course not.
That's clearly a lovers' quarrel.
If you planned to change it,
you shouldn't have praised it then.
Your praise got our hopes up,
but because one thing's wrong,
you want to change
everything just like that?
So what? Once I make up my mind,
I can't change it ever again?
What...
Seriously...
She has no idea
what I’m really feeling.
- See? We should've gotten burgers.
- But lately...
There you guys are!
- Do you mind if we join you?
- Have a seat.
Hey, Pro Kim.
I'm sorry if I upset you.
Not at all, Director.
I came up short. I'll do it again.
That's right. We still have time,
so let's try to revise it.
I'm so sorry about earlier,
Vice President.
Sorry? For what?
I get it, Ju Ah.
You gave it your all...
and someone changes their mind
just like that. I'd be mad too.
So are you going to apologize to me
or not?
Fine. I'm sorry.
Ju Ah, just let it go.
What's the big deal
about changing a presentation?
People even change partners
when they're not happy...
- and go on endless blind dates.
- Please, just stop.
Oh, right. A blind date?
So Hye, do you remember
that blind date I turned down?
- You mean my brother?
- Yes.
Your charming older brother.
I think I might go on it after all.
I thought you weren't going.
Did you change your mind?
People can change their minds,
can't they?
Right, Director Yang?
Yes.
I thought you said...
those "make you jealous" ploys
were childish.
That's not what this is.
Woo Jae, what do you think?
Out of all the places we saw today,
I liked the last one the best.
Me too.
See? We're totally on the same page.
The price was low for the area
and it was well-maintained, right?
Your and Ju Ah's commute
would be almost an hour shorter too.
The subway station is close,
and lots of bus routes, right?
The walking trail was nice, too.
- We could go for walks to exercise.
- Sure.
Let's ask the rest of the family,
and if they're all okay with it,
we'll take that place.
This is Ju Ah's store.
Now Mom is the model for this brand?
Let's go take a look.
Sounds good.
- Welcome.
- Hello.
Hello.
Grandma, I have some allowance left.
How about I buy you an outfit?
This one...
This is perfect.
You should be the model for this,
Grandma, not Mom.
Let's get one for your dad
and one for your uncle.
That's true.
They'll need more clothes for work.
Are you looking for
a particular style?
Yes, something comfortable
and clean-cut for men.
Okay, then this collection over here
would be a great fit.
How about something like this?
It's lightweight and it wears well,
so it's very comfortable.
What do you think?
I think they'd look great.
Hello? The real estate agency?
Yes, hello.
Could you give me a call
when Director Gong's house sells?
It's already been sold?
Are you serious?
So the police chief's family
is moving in.
That's wonderful. Thank you.
I'll be in touch. Bye.
What are you up to?
I was just watching
to see if Dong Suk would show up.
You scared me.
You asked to see me,
so why are you hiding?
No, it's not that.
It's just, when I see you...
What? You have to take a crap
when you see me?
That's such a horrible thing to say.
- It's a psychogenic stomachache.
- What's that?
When I see you, I get so stressed
that my stomach starts to hurt.
- You look perfectly fine to me.
- What?
You're right. You know what?
My house was sold.
I'm moving, and now I realize
I won't have to see you anymore.
And it really doesn't hurt.
Not at all.
Is that why you wanted to meet?
Just to test that out?
No. I want to ask when you're going
to court to finalize our divorce.
Why do you ask?
Why do you think? It'd be awkward
if we saw each other there.
You could have just called me.
Why drag me out here? So annoying.
Why are you so worked up...
Don't.
It works like a charm.
It really doesn't hurt.
Seriously...
Hey. Just text me
when you get a date, all right?
It doesn't hurt.
It's amazing.
This is nice.
The clothes are nice,
and you make them look even better.
Perfect!
Oh my, you're full
of compliments today.
Are you that happy about us moving?
No, I'm just happy
you're putting our family first.
Right.
Earlier, Dong Ik told me
not to move.
Why all of a sudden?
The show staff read the interview
we did for the local paper and...
What was the show?
- They want us for "Human Theater."
- "Human Theater?"
- You and Dong Ik? Together?
- Yes.
About a clinic and an oriental one
facing each other in the market.
Fifty-some years of friendship.
A concept like that.
He told you not to move
just to be on TV?
Yes, he's a selfish jerk.
Either that or he's not all there.
Did he even bother to ask
his wife's permission?
I bet her biggest wish is
for us to move as soon as we can.
Exactly.
He's a total idiot.
An absolute moron.
Honey, my wish is for that family
to move out as soon as possible.
But this is "Human Theater"
we're talking about.
This is my chance to be on TV.
It's a shame, I know,
but there will be better chances.
Until then,
you need to secure your spot...
as the president
of the Merchants' Association.
and just focus on your work.
All right?
I wish I was on television
that would be really great
Really, really great
Running away again, Eun Bin?
Yes, I'm not living here anymore!
And I'm never coming back!
Are you running off
to Woo Jae again?
It's none of your business
where I go!
You're not going anywhere.
- Let go. I said let go!
- Oh my goodness.
It's so heavy.
- Hey! Get back here right now!
- What's wrong with you?
- Honey! Father!
- What's with all the noise?
- Now what's going on?
- Eun Bin's running away.
I'm not living here anymore!
I'm going to live with Woo Jae!
You little brat.
Are you going to keep this up?
Grandfather, Dad.
Seriously, how could you do this?
They've run that clinic
for 40 years.
They've lived there all their lives.
How can you just kick them out
overnight like that?
Who said we're kicking them out?
Am I right, honey, Father?
Blinded by jealousy of Dr. Han,
you framed and even attacked her.
Then you used my aunt's tragedy
to manipulate Grandpa and Dad,
and drove the Gongs out of Onjeong,
you evil witch!
- You little brat, honestly!
- Yang Eun Bin!
Get out.
Fine, I'm leaving. I'd rather die.
I won't spend another day here!
You little brat. You're grounded.
Don't leave your room
until they move out. Got it?
Go ahead.
I'll just starve myself to death.
Install a CCTV camera
in her room now.
Try it. I'll call the police!
- You little brat! Come with me.
- What?
- Get over here!
- Help! Police!
- You think the police are your dad?
- You're hurting me.
Then go live at the police station!
Get over here!
Father, what are we going to do?
What am I going to do?
You little brat!
How can you be so disrespectful?
Get out!
I can't stand to look at you, Dad!
- I won't make them move out.
- What? What did you say?
You're unbelievable!
Don't you dare leave this room.
Or you'll be sorry!
- Really? You won't make them move?
- Yes, but you and Woo Jae are over.
- Hey, come on...
- Hey, that's...
We can talk about that later.
For now, I won't make them move out,
so please just keep it down.
- We're keeping this from stepmom?
- Yes.
Hey!
Am I just talking to myself here?
Give me your credit card.
It's confiscated.
That’s low!
- Raise my credit card limit.
- What did you just say?
Don't push your luck, kid!
Or I'm telling her.
- This is so unfair!
- Are you going to answer me or not?
Honey, please, that's enough now.
Okay?
Fine. I get it. I won't run away.
You mean it? And if you ever do that
in front of your stepmom again...
I get it! So I must listen to her
from now on, right?
Oh, dear.
She's gone.
How will you stop their move?
Do you even have a plan?
What plan could I possibly have?
I've got nothing.
What am I going to do about this?
Dad, you should start
at the police substation.
The police substation? Why there?
(Onjeong Police Substation)
Come on, Nurse Oh,
just eat with us, please?
No, thank you. I'll pass.
Anyway, why is the clinic closed
this afternoon?
Director Gong
went for a job interview today.
But you're staying, right?
Yes, I guess.
I was planning
to go with him, but...
I'm glad you're not going.
No, I didn't mean anything by it.
Don't get a crush on me.
I have high standards.
How can you turn me down
when I haven't even said anything?
Anyway...
I'm so excited just thinking about
moving into that house.
So excited.
- It's a really nice house.
- Yes, it is.
Oh my, you're having lunch.
Here, I brought an herbal supplement
to boost your energy.
And you can put it right
on your shoulders.
It feels great. It's a heat pack.
You're on patrol all day,
holding those walkie-talkies...
and dealing with difficult complaints
from citizens.
It must be so exhausting for you.
We appreciate the gesture,
- but we can't accept gifts.
- Is that right?
This is embarrassing.
So, what brings you here today,
Director Yang?
Well...
You know the contract you signed
for that house?
Chief, I was hoping
you might cancel it.
- What?
- Oh my.
I'll cover
any and all financial losses.
But didn't you want...
Director Gong's family
to move out of Onjeong?
Not at all.
It's just that so many bad things
have been happening,
my intention was
to escape all the misfortune.
But it'll be hard for me
to find another place that nice.
You're familiar
with feng shui, right?
I believe the energy and lifeblood
of a place are very important.
When a house has been cared for
by one family for decades,
the very land itself...
becomes deeply imbued
with their spiritual essence, right?
Here, let me take your pulse.
Gosh, a place like that...
Just trust me on this.
It won't easily accept a new owner.
See? Your pulse is weak.
You must be exhausted.
You need to move
into a newly built place.
- Should I get an apartment?
- Hey, that's a great idea.
- All right, take care now.
- You too.
Oh, yes, ma'am.
Ma'am, we have a problem.
This is so awkward.
The Chief says he wants to cancel
the contract on the house.
What? Cancel the contract?
Why all of a sudden?
Was there something
he didn't like about our house?
Oh, no, it's not that. Apparently,
his mother-in-law is against it.
I see. I understand
how things are with the elders.
He said he's willing to forfeit
the deposit, as per the agreement.
That's not necessary.
It's not like we're strangers.
I'll return his deposit.
Yes, I understand.
Hey, Jin Ah...
What is it? Nurse Oh,
why are you blocking my way?
You convinced the Chief
to cancel his contract, didn't you?
No, I didn't.
Don't worry. I'm on your side.
You are?
So, what's the next plan?
Because I can offer you some intel.
The skies must be on my side.
To have reinforcements popping up
out of nowhere like this.
Here, have some.
Using the experience I've gained
working in community healthcare,
I want to treat every patient
at this hospital...
with a true sense of responsibility.
I don't want to just
treat the illness,
but the person's body and mind...
But we have
a high patient volume here,
we prioritize efficiency and speed
over one person's philosophy.
Of course.
If I join, I'll naturally follow
your principles, Director.
It says here you've been running...
a third-generation clinic
in one area.
Yes.
I grew old right
alongside my patients.
But people like you often...
have a difficult time adjusting
to the organizational structure.
Well, I'd have to adapt.
I can do it.
Hello, Dr. Jo, I was actually
just about to call you.
What? A different hospital?
Wait, why all of a sudden?
The distance?
Yes, that's true. It is a bit far.
All right, I understand.
Yes, I'll start looking again.
Okay.
Well, well, Dr. Jo.
Thank you so much
for turning it down.
Yes, that's right.
Our Director Gong is truly...
indispensable to the people
at the market.
Gosh, at your age, coming
all this way here from Icheon...
How could you possibly manage
a one to two-hour commute?
Right.
As promised, I'll surely find you
a position that's a better fit.
Okay, thank you. Take care.
Do you really think this is okay?
Of course.
I'm sure this is
what Director Gong would want.
I'm back.
How did the interview go?
It was not bad.
I have a few more interviews.
The real estate agent called,
and the Chief canceled the contract
on our house.
All of a sudden?
But he already sent the deposit.
I'm sure he had his reasons.
Right, but still...
(Pharmacy)
What is this uneasy feeling?
This is so strange.
Why is everyone suddenly canceling?
Don't tell me...
That's right.
I'm the one who convinced
the Chief and Dr. Jo.
You've got to be kidding me!
Are you out of your mind?
Have you lost it?
Unbelievable.
Jeong Han.
Hey, Mr. "Fair" Jeong Han!
Your name means "fair," doesn't it?
Come on, just this once.
Just think it over one more time.
You're forcing yourself to leave
when you don't want to.
You're right. It was a very hard decision
for me to make!
You're asking me to go back on it
for your own selfish reasons?
You even pulled a bizarre stunt
like this!
Hey, selfish reasons? No.
This is to help Onjeong Market.
That's ridiculous!
No, I'm serious.
What about your patients?
You're like family to them.
Why? Because they trust you.
You don't just treat
their illnesses,
you see what's in their hearts.
Hey, think about it.
The void you'll leave behind.
No other doctor could ever fill it.
Don't you think?
You'll really say anything
to get elected to city council?
Remember why I decided to move,
you idiot.
What about Dae Han and Dong Suk?
Don't worry.
I'll figure it out, too. Okay?
What could you possibly do?
The pharmacy's already been leased!
Exactly.
Do you know who leased the pharmacy?
How should I know, you idiot!
Hey...
Then I'll find out myself.
I will.
Come on. I said it's confidential,
Director Yang.
Okay. Then a hint!
Just give me a little hint.
Please. I'm begging you.
If that deal falls through,
I don't get my commission.
Come on. Why are you being
like this?
But I already paid your commission
for the house cancellation, right?
Not the pharmacy.
They told me not to say a word.
So who is it?
Come on, just tell me...
On second thought,
you don't have to.
Why? I told you
I was just passing by.
Why would you just be
passing by a real estate office?
So what?
What are you accusing me of?
I'm not accusing you.
I'm just curious.
Why you helped them.
They have to move because of us.
You expect me not to help?
Come on.
Then we shouldn't make them move.
What are you talking about?
The rent and deposit money you'd pay
until the new pharmacy moved in.
Let's use it for something else.
So that's why it got sold so fast.
Once people know we're moving,
the house will be sold again soon.
You're right.
After I let my patients know,
I'm going to list it
with other agencies too.
Yes, hello?
What?
What do you mean
the pharmacy contract was canceled?
Okay, I understand.
What?
The pharmacy deal was canceled?
Seriously,
why are so many people so flaky?
This is so frustrating.
I'm sorry. It's something from work.
What can you do?
Besides, Mom, you had a bad feeling
about it anyway, didn't you?
That's true.
He offered to pay the rent
until a new pharmacy moved in,
but that was a huge burden for me.
Wait a minute.
Don't tell me Dong Ik...
See? I do what I set out to do.
Don't worry about your brother.
Just leave it all to me.
Darn it...
Darn him, why would he...
Seriously,
what does he think he's doing?
Darn it.
Me?
You're going to set me up
with my own store, Dad?
That's right.
Just pick whatever shop you want.
Oh my goodness, Father.
How could you be so thoughtful?
That was my idea.
Really?
Thank you, honey.
This is so great for you, Dong Suk.
Congratulations.
I'm so touched.
And here I thought
I was living completely unloved.
Mom, does that mean you're going
to be a business owner?
You're so lucky, Auntie,
getting to be a boss.
Now you're the CEO Yang Dong Suk.
I know, right?
What kind of shop should I open?
Gosh, I have so much to think about.
- Let's check properties, Dong Suk.
- Okay.
Father, thank you for your help.
Should we do this
without telling Se Ri?
Are you sure you can do this
I'll handle it with her later.
First, I must convince their family.
When you tell Se Ri,
leave me out of it.
I didn't know anything, you hear?
Grandpa, that's so cowardly.
We're already in the same boat.
You little!
You're absolutely forbidden to see
that boy from the clinic. Got it?
Don't worry. I'll make sure
they never get involved again.
- Don't even think about it.
- Unbelievable.
Where is he?
Hey, what did you do now
with the pharmacy deal?
The thing is...
Turns out, the one who signed
the lease was my father.
- What?
- It seems he wanted to help you.
He may act like you're his enemies,
but deep down, he feels differently.
When I said to use the money for
Dong Suk's store, he agreed at once.
- Dong Suk is opening her own store?
- Yes.
Dong Suk is quitting the clinic,
so she won't run into Dae Han.
Now everything that bothered you
is resolved, right?
Okay, but why did you drag me out
in the middle of the night?
The thing is, Jeong Han...
Tomorrow...
The Human Theater producer
is coming to see us.
What? Did you set up a meeting
without asking me?
No, it's not that I scheduled it.
They just said
the producer is coming.
- Forget it! Meet them yourself.
- Come on, don't be like that.
Here.
Take this.
What's this?
This is...
Let's call it a pledge
of my devotion to you.
That's disgusting! Seriously.
- What kind of pledge?
- Just...
- Just read it.
- Gosh.
I'll text you the time and place
for our meeting. Okay? Got it?
- Sleep tight, my friend.
- Gosh.
Hey, we're definitely meeting
tomorrow, you hear me?
Chairman, I'll be
on my way then. Yes.
That guy.
What's gotten into him lately?
Seriously, that guy.
Gosh.
Seriously.
What's this? A pledge?
This certifies that Gong Jeong Han
has retracted his decision to move,
and in gratitude for agreeing
to appear on "Human Theater,"
Yang Dong Ik hereby pledges
his loyalty to Gong Jeong Han.
Henceforth, Yang Dong Ik...
shall obey all his orders
without question,
and when summoned by Gong Jeong Han,
regardless of time or place,
he shall report immediately...
and perform all duties
entrusted to him...
with his entire being.
He so pledges.
Hey, do we really
have to go this far?
We have to. It's the only way
he'll meet the producer tomorrow.
Write it like you mean it! Hurry!
I, Yang Dong Ik, henceforth...
shall never again criticize
Gong Jeong Han in word or deed,
and should I break
any of these promises...
Any punishment that Gong Jeong Han
deems fit...
I shall accept willingly.
I so solemnly swear.
What the heck?
He basically wrote a slave contract.
What is that punk
trying to pull this time?
In the place
where you promised to come,
as I wait for you,
having come early,
every approaching footstep...
pounds in my heart.
Even a single rustling leaf...
sounds like you.
Next time, be sure to get a refill
before your medication runs out.
- Okay, thank you.
- Yes, of course. Take care.
- This way, please.
- Okay.
Anyone who's ever truly waited
knows.
In this world, is there anything...
more agonizing than waiting?
In the place
where you promised to come,
here where I have come early,
every person approaching was you,
then you again,
and then it was almost you.
- Jeong Han! Hey, thanks for coming!
- You're unbelievable! Seriously!
- Man, thank you so much!
- Get off me!
Nothing's been decided yet.
- Let's go.
- What?
Our production team was impressed
with the article about you two.
The friendship you've built
since you were children,
the contrast between being a doctor
and a Korean medicine doctor,
and your role as partners
leading the market...
It all makes for a wonderful
narrative.
You're far too kind.
Our Onjeong Market is a very warm
and welcoming place,
so we'd like to use this chance
to promote it.
Excuse me, but for the sake of
making the show more entertaining,
I hear editing can be sensational
or that facts can be distorted.
That's something I'm a little
concerned about.
If you're worried, we can put that
in the contract for you.
The thing is,
our daily lives are just...
pretty ordinary and predictable.
I doubt they will be as entertaining
as you might expect.
What we're looking for is
the extraordinary in the ordinary.
If ratings are high, it's a win-win
for the network and for us, right?
If you just set up the scenarios,
we're ready and willing to do
whatever you tell us. Yes.
Then do you have any special talents
you want to show off?
I'm actually pretty good
at Chinese. Yes.
Oh my.
Welcome to our Onjeong Market.
- We sincerely welcome you.
- Don't. Just don't.
This place offers
a wide variety of food...
and is full of warm,
generous people.
You pledged you wouldn't do that
if I told you to. Unbelievable.
Right. About that pledge,
I just meant...
I love this dynamic.
They're like Tom and Jerry.
That's basically us.
- Tom and Jerry. I'm Jerry.
- Right.
- Hey, say goodbye.
- Goodbye.
Hey, what's there to think about?
Gosh, but you...
Did you even get your wife's
permission for this?
Look, not to brag,
but I’m basically Se Ri's
whole world. What I say goes.
But it's going to be a lot tougher
for you, right?
Seong Mi even did a commercial
to save up for our moving costs.
So if I suddenly tell her
we're not moving anymore,
man, that's grounds for divorce.
Hey, then just use me as an excuse.
Blame it all on me.
Gosh, do you really want to be on TV
that badly?
I want to make
Korean herbal medicine global...
and show the whole world
how great it is.
- Give me a break.
- And...
lots of people will watch
"Human Theater," right?
So my mom...
and my kids' mom...
can see me
wherever they are, won't they?
You have Seong Mi to show off
your family on TV, but I don't.
I want to proudly show them
how I'm doing.
How well the children they abandoned
are doing,
how well my kids have grown up...
I just want to proudly show them
what they're missing.
Fine. By the weekend...
I'll talk to Seong Mi. Gosh.
Hey.
Thank you. I mean it.
I can see the divorce papers now.
Seriously.
This restaurant is on a main street.
The owner's retiring and selling it.
Business isn't exactly booming,
but it's an urgent sale and cheap.
You should go take a look.
What can I get you?
- About the restaurant...
- We only have the braised dish now.
I'll have one of those.
I guess this place mostly caters
to drinkers.
- Darn it!
- Oh my gosh, are you okay, ma'am?
What the heck!
Watch where you're going!
- I'm so sorry.
- Gosh, it's all over me!
Come on,
is this how you treat a regular?
- You're paying for my dry cleaning.
- What?
- Or don't charge for the drinks.
- Excuse me, sir.
You stumbled and bumped into her.
You should be apologizing,
not demanding she pay for cleaning
and give you free drinks.
Hey, who do you think you are,
meddling in others' business?
- Oh, dear.
- Here, get up and have a seat.
Good grief. Look,
you've had enough to drink.
Please leave.
Don't worry about the bill.
Ma'am, why not make him pay?
This is why jerks like him return.
Hey!
Think you can say whatever you want?
Who do you think you're talking to?
What?
- Are you talking down to me?
- Yes, I am. What about it?
It's unbelievable
how people like you still exist.
- You did it on purpose to not pay.
- What are you talking about?
Look at your eyes darting around,
I knew it.
Hey, someone call the police!
We've got a dine and dasher here!
Hey! Darn it. Fine, I'll pay.
I'll pay, all right?
There, I'll pay. Happy now? Gosh.
There. Happy now?
Just my rotten luck.
Darn it.
Hey!
Pick it up.
- Pick it up now and hand it to her.
- For crying out loud!
Enough! You witch!
If you keep acting so nasty,
your husband's going to leave you.
You hear me?
- What?
- What? Did he already leave you?
Your shifty eyes give it all away.
I knew it.
Says you.
Have you even held a woman's hand?
What?
This witch...
You've got a death wish?
- Hit me! Why won't you hit me?
- I can't, I can't. That hurts!
How is your grip so strong? Darn it.
- What are you? Some kind of thug?
- No, sir, I'm a physical therapist.
- I'm strong from working on bodies.
- Gosh!
Your hamstrings are really tight.
Let me give you a little massage.
I was wrong.
- I said I was wrong!
- I'll let you go,
but first, give them a real apology.
If you don't...
Oh my!
- Now for the psoas muscle.
- Okay, I'll do it!
I can't hear you.
I said I'll do it!
You haven't changed a bit
since we were kids.
You've always had more guts
than sense.
I just don't get you.
Are you okay?
I mean...
It's finally sinking in.
What is?
That I don't have...
a husband anymore.
Hey.
I'm in the exact same boat,
you know.
Don't you start.
If you cry,
I'm going to start bawling too.
Come on, stop.
If you stop,
I'll buy you your favorite meat.
The boneless short ribs.
Clear all my counseling appointments
for the rest of the year.
Yes, Doctor.
Is this for your modeling schedule?
Yes.
- Oh, honey. What's up?
- Seong Mi, let's date this weekend.
A date? What's the occasion?
You know that restaurant you love?
Porto Veli?
You got us a reservation there?
Why? It's not a special occasion.
I'm so touched.
All right. My weekend is all yours.
Okay, see you later.
You're even going on a date
this weekend.
I'm so jealous, Doctor.
Director Gong is such a romantic.
Romantic? Hardly.
If you ever need someone
to confide in,
there's always me.
You know, don't you?
Yes. I must confess, I'm the traitor
who helped Director Yang.
Gosh, why would you do that?
I don't like being left behind
by everyone either.
Oh man, what am I going to do?
If Seong Mi finds out, I'm dead.
She said I finally made a decision
for the family.
She's been so sweet to me lately.
Just think of it as going back
to your old self.
It's not like you two have
always gotten along.
You'll get used to it
again in no time.
But what if...
this causes bigger problems
for our families?
Eun Bin sees Woojae as a brother,
so that won't be an issue.
And Yang Dong Suk quit the clinic
to open her own shop.
Really?
Right. So there's no way you two
will run into each other.
What's there to get
tangled up about?
Right. I hope you're right.
I can't believe you.
- Gosh...
- Why are you snapping at me?
Want me to pour you one?
I'm good.
What were you doing there earlier?
Did you go eat way out there
because you were trying to avoid me?
That's not it.
My dad offered me a store,
so I went to look at it.
A store?
Yes. He's setting me up
so I don't have to live beaten down.
Good for you.
You'll be great at it.
You've got the guts for it.
Why are you all dressed up?
Did you go on a blind date
or something?
We're not even divorced yet.
What blind date? I had an interview.
Why? Do I look good?
I'm sorry for making you move out.
It must be hard leaving a home
you've grown attached to.
Hey, why are you being so nice
all of a sudden?
Is it because you're grateful
I helped you out earlier?
You're being nice because I'm moving
and you won't see me again, right?
Both.
Listen.
Since we'll never meet again,
I can say this.
Honestly, you were way, way too good
for that witch.
I mean...
Since we'll never meet again,
I'll be honest too.
The same goes for you.
Thanks for saying that.
Dong Suk...
When you told me
you were getting married,
I wanted to stop you
more than anything.
You should have.
I guess I should have.
I know.
It's my life's biggest regret.
If I had,
none of this would have happened.
Tell me about it.
So this was all your fault,
Gong Dae Han.
What? You're saying it's my fault?
Hey, you're right.
This is all my fault.
I'm the bad guy here.
Pour me one too.
All right. Hey,
since this is the end of the road,
let's just do some day drinking
and wallow in our misery.
No.
Let's curse those bastards to death.
Let's bad-mouth them together.
Okay, you're on!
- Cheers! Bottoms up!
- Bottoms up!
- One more!
- All right! Easy, easy.
Excuse me, sir!
Another bottle over here, please.
Director, I've sent the presentation
incorporating your feedback.
Please review it
by tomorrow morning.
- One more thing...
- I'm leaving for the day.
I have a blind date.
(Managing Director
Pacundo Ignacio de la Cruz Yang)
- Thank you.
I was worried
we wouldn't get to meet.
So I'm even more pleased
to meet you in person.
So Hye told me so much about you,
I feel like I know you already.
- Did she complain I'm too tough?
- Gosh, no.
She said you're such a professional
and she has a lot to learn from you.
Please. So Hye is great, too.
We're even launching a special line
with one of her designs.
- She also represents the designers.
- Really?
I'm glad to hear
she's doing so well.
Shall we go get dinner?
Didn't you mention a pork belly spot
you like nearby?
I do, but...
Why?
You're not sending me off hungry,
are you?
Gosh.
(Saetgol Blood Sausage Specialty)
Welcome.
I'll get one order of blood sausage
and intestines to go, please.
Sure.
The woman you came here with
last time...
Are you sure
she's not your girlfriend?
No, she's not.
You two looked so good together.
You seemed to have similar tastes
in food, too.
That's a really hard thing to find,
you know.
Right, I suppose so.
Here you are.
This place must be really popular.
It's packed.
Here you go.
I'll stick with water.
Did you drive here?
No, I don't really drink.
It's high in calories...
and it interferes
with muscle growth.
Oh, I see.
Thanks.
I forgot to order rice.
Would you like a bowl?
No, I'm good. I don't eat carbs.
- Can I get a bowl of rice, please?
- Sure.
Eating rice with your meat
will really spike your blood sugar.
- You're not much of a foodie.
- I like eating healthy.
- So you must dislike many foods.
- Yes.
I don't really like
heavily seasoned or spicy food.
Intestines, blood sausage, and...
chicken feet.
I can't stand that stuff.
It's disgusting.
My dream is to have a girlfriend
I can work out with.
Do you like working out,
by any chance?
The only exercise I do is breathing.
The one thing that never betrays you
is muscle.
Try fasted cardio first thing.
I can make a meal plan for you.
But there's something
I'm really curious about.
- The meal plan?
- No.
I mean...
Why do you keep cutting
all the fat off?
This is basically a lump
of saturated fat.
It's equivalent to an entire
weight-lifting set.
What is he talking about?
The fat's the best part of the pork.
All right, lay a pickled garlic leaf
on top of the lettuce,
Add a bit of that
glistening white rice,
then take a piece of pork belly,
dip it in anchovy sauce and add it.
And top it with a slice of garlic
and a hot green pepper.
And there you have it. Perfection.
Incredible.
It's killer, right?
Savory juices mix with the leaves,
then the garlic and pepper's kick...
spreads through your mouth, then,
the anchovy sauce's rich umami hits.
That's when you wash it down
with a shot of soju.
- That's the perfect finish.
- Ju Ah.
Yes?
Who are you talking to?
Good question.
Where did he go?
You've had too much to drink.
Let's call it a night.
Excuse me, can I get another
bottle of soju, please?
Well then.
(Damga Charcoal Grill)
Why on earth would you
give that witch money?
Go get it back. Right now.
Hey, just drop it.
Your ex-husband doesn't have a dime.
How can she live if she's broke too?
Poor thing.
She has it rough.
Oh, please.
You married her out of pity, right?
Your protective instincts kicked in,
or something.
You've always been a softie,
Dae Han.
You just mistook it for love.
I guess you could be right.
She was like a lost,
pitiful little puppy.
A puppy?
So you married her
because she was cute.
Then again...
She's pretty, so of course
Ji Hu's dad fell for her.
Now that I'm old and ugly,
he went running to her,
heart and soul.
Dong Suk.
You're beautiful.
As if.
What is with you... Hey.
You were the prettiest girl
in all of Onjeong.
Back when you were in high school,
all those guys would hang out
in front of your school...
lined up every day
just hoping to see you.
I was worried about you at night,
so I would wait at the study hall...
and walk you home.
Don't you remember?
That was a long time ago.
Not anymore.
You're still beautiful.
I'm telling you, you are.
Back then...
and now.
Thanks.
Hey, don't smile.
Don't smile.
You're even prettier when you do.
Oh, stop it.
Your eyes are beautiful.
Your nose is beautiful.
And your lips are beautiful.
Over here!
Why won't any taxis stop?
You're awake?
I'm losing my mind.
Why do I keep thinking about him?
Why?
Yang Hyun Bin.
This is ridiculous.
Am I hearing things now?
Gosh, why does it keep running away?
Ding-dong.
Hey, Yang Hyun Bin, get out here!
- Oh my!
- Ms. Gong Ju Ah?
Are you okay?
Gosh. You're really...
- unbelievable, you know that?
- What?
Seriously.
I'm sorry.
- Get inside.
- Let go...
Have you been drinking?
Yes. So what if I have?
You jerk.
What?
- A jerk?
- You said you missed me, right?
That you still have feelings for me.
That it was destiny.
So what's this? We can't be friends?
I'm not allowed to be nice to you?
Gosh.
But then why were you so nice to me?
Why can't I stop thinking about you?
If you were going to be this way,
why'd you even come back to Korea?
Why did you have to show up
in my life again?
Are you laughing?
What's so funny?
Because I'm grateful.
I missed you so much,
and here you are.
I'm just so happy.
I'm going home.
(Recipe For Love)
Shall I report on their progress?
- I'll come up with the plan.
- He'll surely ask her out today.
- As of today, we're official.
- You're unbelievable.
My mom didn't come home last night.
Did anyone
around the neighborhood notice me?
Dong Suk!
Did they see me getting drunk
and going into a motel?
Who'd you hear that from?
All that's left is
a sweet fragrance.
Especially when I'm with you,
I will live as a woman
who never fades.
Dramaday.me